>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Virtually all of us
know of at least one
resurrection story,
particularly that of Jesus
Christ in the Christian world,
and some of us know
that the same story has
been told throughout history
in many different cultures
and religious traditions, but
what if the word resurrection
itself has been misinterpreted?
Freddy Silva is with us
today to talk about a lost
art of resurrection.
>>FREDDY SILVA:
Resurrection indeed.
>>REGINA: And you're going
to put a whole new spin on it
for everybody today.
First of all, Freddy, I've
interviewed you a few times.
Fabulous work and research.
>>SILVA: Thank you.
>>REGINA: What
piqued your curiosity
about this particular subject?
>>SILVA: I kept coming
across this concept of people
who had risen from the dead
in two of my early books,
and I was trying
to figure out what
I was going to do
for the winter,
and I kept putting together
these bits of information
about the Templars, who had this
concept of raising the dead.
I kept reading about these old
accounts of people going back
to 2000 BC, initiates
in mystery schools
who had been risen
from the dead,
and I thought what if
the story that we've
been told in the
Christian world perhaps
wasn't meant to be told
in the way it has been.
And I came across one of
the many banned gospels,
and you have to ask yourself,
why would the gospel be banned?
And one of them was
the Gospel of Philip,
and it was particularly
banned by the church,
and I thought let me have a read
of this and see where it goes.
And Philip makes a very
important statement
that at the time--
and of course,
he was very much closer to
the events than we are today--
and he was saying that
anyone who's actually
reading the resurrection
as the truth,
as an actual event is
confusing a spiritual truth
with something that
didn't actually happen,
an actual event.
So that got me thinking
that, if people were actually
mistaking this real event
for a spiritual truth, then
what was the spiritual
truth behind resurrection?
And why did people like
Plato and Pythagoras
and other luminaries
like that-- why
did they claim the concept of
living resurrection to being
the pinnacle of their
spiritual development?
So clearly there's something
here of great benefit
for humanity, and it's
probably the reason
why the church decided to
sideline this and marginalize
the concept for 2,000 years.
So I felt there was story
there that was worth telling.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And also just to a second
point of validation
on what you were just
saying, "The Second Treatise
of the Great Seth" claimed
that Jesus himself stated
he did not physically die.
It said, "I did not die in
reality, but in appearance,"
and perhaps you know
the rest of that quote.
>>SILVA: Oh, absolutely.
"The Treatise of
the Great Seth" is
one of the many
Gnostic Gospels that
never made the official
canon of the church.
And again, once you
read this, there's
a very good reason behind it
because here you have Jesus
quoted in the first
person, addressing Peter,
watching his
supposed crucifixion.
And he says I was not crucified.
It was another, not
I, who took my place.
It was Simon, and even the
Gospel of Thomas admits this.
It was Simon of Cyrene
who took Jesus' place,
and as far as the
seventh century,
the Koran was upholding
the same concept, as well.
>>REGINA: That's
the next question.
Tell us about that.
>>SILVA: They were claiming
that the whole idea
of the resurrection
and crucifixion
were actually mistaken
for actual events that
did not actually take place.
People have misconstrued
a spiritual truth
for an actual event.
So they were saying that this
god man, who they called Isa,
which is interesting because in
the Arabic world, Jesus' name
is actually the name of Isis
in the Egyptian tradition.
Now there's an interesting
idea right there,
and they said that the
whole concept had been
turned completely on its head.
And people thought that
they had crucified him,
but they actually
were totally mistaken.
And this undercurrent
actually was very much
running through all the
Gnostic traditions of the era.
Even the Gnostic
Christians at the time
said the same thing--
that the whole concept has
been completely misconstrued.
The concept of the
living resurrection
is a very old concept.
It's a very old tradition.
It's the highest level of
initiation to the secret arts,
and everyone was adamant about
this, except for the church.
So you have 99% of people--
>>REGINA: So let's get
down to the church.
OK, Pope Leo X.
>>SILVA: Oh, the
biggest gaff in history.
>>REGINA: Yes, let's talk
about him-- what he said.
This is an interesting remark.
And when was he?
He was 16th century.
>>SILVA: He was late-- he
was an interesting fellow.
He was one of the
debauched popes-- I mean,
seriously debauched popes.
The church had a real
problem with this guy,
and one day during one of
his many drinking bouts,
he actually came out
with this phrase,
and he said this
fable of Christ has
served our company very well.
And you wondered, my god, that's
the biggest gaff in history
if the pope himself is
saying and admitting--
>>REGINA: And he said that
it was highly profitable
for the church.
So let's put that
whole concept together
because that's what's
playing out today.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
So this is one of the reasons
why so much of controversy
is behind, for example,
the outlawing of the Masons
or the Templars within
the Catholic tradition.
What is it that frightened
the Catholic church so much
about these organizations?
Yes, they were very
powerful, but the church
was even more powerful.
They had more resources.
They had more money.
They had more people at arms.
They could easily have
wiped these people
off the face of the Earth,
and they nearly did.
So clearly they were
hiding something.
These people were holding
a secret that really would
have pulled the carpet
from under the very ethos
of the church, and the whole
concept that I discovered
was that the Freemasons
and their forefathers,
which were the Templars
which were the Essenes, all
follow the same tradition
of spirituality-- that the
whole basis for the church
was founded on a huge lie.
>>REGINA: Why did they
continue to perpetuate it?
Why did he state it was highly
profitable for the church
to keep the current,
let's call it,
resurrection myth
of Jesus alive?
>>SILVA: Oh, because the whole
concept of living resurrection
was about a theme of
self-empowerment-- people
having a direct
experience of God,
an inner experience of God.
Now, the Church comes along
and says now we are basically
going to become
the intermediaries
between the people and God.
So if you want to
access God, you'll
have to either pay us or
tell us your problems,
and we'll intercede
on your behalf.
It's quite clearly
a situation where
people have usurped
an actual faith,
and that was claimed by
the early Christians, which
is why they were put down.
And so if it could be shown
that the church's foundation was
completely false, they
could be put out of a job.
It really is that simple.
So yes, when he was saying
that they had profited well,
they had profited very well,
because they're basically
usurping the status and
the prophecy of a dead man,
and that status was
actually highly dubious,
because the whole concept
of ritual resurrection
was about a high level of
initiation, which allowed
people to have a direct
experience, an inner experience
of God.
And it had been going on
for thousands of years,
and the Egyptians
knew all about this
as well, so if it could
be shown that any person--
if you and I could actually
have this experience,
then obviously there is no
one that these can control.
>>REGINA: Don't need
an intermediary.
>>SILVA: Absolutely.
No middle man.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about some
of the traditions
around the world that
mirror this same
story of resurrection.
>>SILVA: Oh, they go
back thousands of years.
I was surprised.
I thought it was
something that would've
been around the time of
Jesus, maybe a couple hundred
years before, but the more
I dug into the whole story,
the more I began to realize
that this concept of living
resurrection goes
back a long, long way.
For example, there
was a chamber that
was found-- it was a secret
chamber underneath the Pyramid
of Unas in Egypt at a
place called Saqqara, which
is a huge ceremonial
complex dedicated solely
to resurrection principles.
And inside this
beautiful chamber,
you will find written on
the walls the pyramid texts,
and the pyramid texts
describe very clearly
that this place of
internment is not actually
for a dead pharaoh.
It's for a person who's gone
in there to have an initiation
experience, and the
person, the pharaoh,
is very much expected to come
back into his living body
after he's gone into
the other world.
And on the walls of
the actual temple
it says that the spirits
welcome the soul of Unas,
who was a pharaoh,
and it says, Unas,
you have not departed dead.
You have departed
alive to rest and sit
on the throne of Osiris.
So what they're trying to tell
us here is that in 2500 BC,
this pharaoh had left his
body in a very prescribed way.
He had crossed into
the other world,
and he was now
sitting and following
in the footsteps of the
Egyptian god of resurrection,
Osiris, who, on the
winter solstice,
on the 21st of December,
goes into the underworld.
He had his body broken
up in many pieces,
and then he is reconstituted,
and he comes back resurrected
on the 25th of December.
Does that sounds familiar?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SILVA: Exactly,
and that's where
the problems with
the Jesus story
come into being as far
as we've been told,
but then you start looking
around and finding out who else
had access to this information.
The Chinese also were doing
exactly the same concept,
because if you take
the word-- in fact,
the name Jesus is
not a real name.
It's a title.
Jesus Christ goes back
to a word called "gesar,"
and gesar is
essentially a concept
which is a secret ritual or
a secret piece of knowledge.
Now, that's what Jesus
was basically doing.
He was working with
secret information,
and that concept was
eventually awarded as a title
to people, real men,
who had resurrected
as gods because they had
crossed into the other world,
usually on the winter solstice.
Three days later,
they are resurrected.
They come back
totally refreshed.
They are now declared
god men, and the title
that they were
given was a Gesar.
So you have a man called Gesar
Khan in Mongolia in 2000 BC,
and this term eventually
moves all the way into Europe
to the point where,
by the Roman era,
you have people called Caesar.
So this title
continues to be given
to people who have actually
experienced this resurrection
concept, this concept of living
resurrection as a highest
level of initiation.
They are declared risen
because they are now
able to see the world
through very different eyes.
They have a total control
of their physical world.
>>REGINA: Their frequencies
have shifted greatly
as a result of
going through this.
>>SILVA: Totally.
Totally.
And the concept of
people who were declared
risen as opposed to normal
people who were declared dead
is shown in the
Egyptian pyramids
as far back as 2500 BC.
So even back then,
they were already
talking about two different
levels of people in society.
>>REGINA: And going
back to Osiris
and going back to the
sarcophagus and the breaking
apart and coming
back together-- it
has been stated
that people who go
through this process
of going into another--
let's call it another field,
another dimensional field
beyond Earth have the experience
of feeling as though they've
broken into billions
of particles
and are reconstituted
on the other side.
And so when I was reading
that part of your book,
my first thought went to that is
that what the Osirin legend is
actually telling us?
>>SILVA: Absolutely.
Yeah, myth is a
wonderful carrier.
In fact, they usually tend
to be analogies or allegories
of spiritual truth.
They're containers
of spiritual truths.
They just don't make much
sense to us in the modern era
because they're quoted in a
language and a mythology, which
is so alien to us now because
it was written so long ago,
but when you look at the
actual story of Osiris
through the esoteric
eye, and you
look at the way in which this
guy gets banded into a box
by 72 co-conspirators--
now, why does it
take 72 people to
bundle a guy into a box?
It doesn't add up.
72, course, being a
very esoteric number
to do with a pentagram,
which is a symbol of nature.
That's the first clue.
So he's bundled into a
box, which is basically
a big sarcophagus, otherwise
known as the King's Chamber
sarcophagus.
No one's ever found him there.
He's bundled into this box.
He then goes into
the other world,
and as he's going through
the actual darkness
of the other world,
he cries out.
He here's this cry
from the divine virgin,
which is his wife, Isis, and
his body starts breaking apart.
His soul starts
being broken apart.
>>REGINA: His field
is breaking apart.
>>SILVA: Because he has to
be reconstituted in order
to become another radio
station, another frequency
on the dial of where he's going,
because we here on Earth--
we're of a certain frequency.
>>REGINA: And there are shamans
and people who do this on Earth
today.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
So basically they're
reenacting this great concept
that was written down for
us that we wouldn't forget,
and it's the divine virgin who
reconstitutes Osiris, brings it
back together.
He is resurrected
as a palm tree.
That becomes his symbol.
So the story is conveying
a very essential component
of-- in fact, the
most secret components
of the ancient mystery
schools and why people
lost their lives over this.
>>REGINA: Yes,
because that's not
an area people
should tread lightly.
>>SILVA: Oh, hell no.
>>REGINA: They can
lose their lives,
and I've read about instances
where lives have been lost.
Individuals have
lost their minds.
Great damages occurred
when they attempt this
without having the proper
understanding of it.
>>SILVA: Oh, totally,
and when I was reading
some of the extracts that
have survived of initiation,
it's usually from
the Greek era, which
is coming a little bit closer
to our historical era--
some people like
Plato and Pythagoras,
people of that ilk--
they would actually
hint at what took
place, and they
said that these writings
come from a very, very
old tradition.
And they very much
said that the people
who are in charge, the
highest level of initiates
who are in charge of
taking care of people going
into the initiation
concept-- they
had to undergo
certain strict things.
>>REGINA: Preparations.
>>SILVA: Huge preparation.
>>REGINA: Over a
long period of time.
You're talking about
shifting frequencies
to a completely different
dimensional reality
and coming back.
>>SILVA: Well, totally.
>>REGINA: Reconstituting
back here.
>>SILVA: And if they messed up
on any part of the process--
>>REGINA: You're messed up.
>>SILVA: They were made to atone
for years with ritual baptism,
and in the most
severe cases, they
were banned for
practicing for life.
That's something we
could do with today.
You mess up one protocol,
and you're barred.
They were very serious, because,
yes, they basically described
the living resurrection
experiences as a voluntary out
of body experience, a
near death experience,
which, as you can
imagine, is frightening.
They had to administer
the right unction.
They had to administer the right
drink, which is a narcotic,
to get you relaxed enough to
have an out of body experience,
but you are totally conscious.
And that's the difference
between the living resurrection
initiation compared
to shamanism.
You are in control,
totally conscious,
and you come back
with information.
>>REGINA: Exactly,
with full knowledge
of what has occurred
because you've been awake
during the entire thing.
>>SILVA: Exactly, and that's
why they take up to four years.
>>REGINA: And
that's really rare.
Yes, exactly.
And Tony Bushby's work-- did
you ever read any of his work?
"Secrets of the Pyramid"
and some others?
No one knows who he is.
It's a pseudonym.
I have been told by some
he may be a very highly
placed Anglican priest.
In any event, his
work is interesting,
and one thing he
talked about was-- I
remember this one part toward
the end of one of his books
were talking about three
Portuguese priests who
had attempted this, who had gone
through this ritualized process
that you're talking about,
the living resurrection.
One of them died.
One of them came back mad.
He literally lost his
bearings, and then
there was one of them that
did make it back through
to talk about it,
and he explained
some of that in the book,
but this is something--
because we're not understanding
that this is related
to the word resurrection, A,
that you wouldn't necessarily
connect the dots
reading these things.
I would not have thought of
it even years ago reading
all of that that we'd be
referring to it as a living
resurrection.
>>SILVA: And again,
the Gospel of Philip
is very concise at
describing that.
He says quite clearly
and categorically claims
that one should not wait
until death to experience
living resurrection.
One must experience living
resurrection while alive,
and that's what the pharaohs
were saying, as well.
And these Essenes also were
describing in their texts
the concept of raising
the dead, the fact
that you had to undergo this
ritual for about three years,
and they would spend
about a year just
watching you to make sure that
you were responsible enough
to be given the correct
information, because people go
in, try to squeeze
good information,
and they would leave and go and
tell other people who wouldn't
do good things with them.
So the next three
years would basically
be dedicated to you knowing the
protocol for leaving the body
and coming back, because,
yes, they did-- even Plato
himself said that the
experience is like a near death
experience with a difficult
return and a difficult recovery
period, but the benefits
were basically outstripping
the detrimental values of it
because the vision that you saw
was incredible, the
information that you received.
And they never talked about it.
The Greeks were even
forbidden from discussing
this in the streets,
and you'd be
arrested if you described
what saw on the other side
because it was personal.
It was something to help you
live your life fully aware.
Now that's
self-empowerment, and I
can't think of
anything better to do
than become a person who is
totally alive in the body.
You are living the
dream fully awake.
You are in control
of everything,
and that's why this was very
secretly and zealously guarded,
because you don't want just
everybody to have that.
You want people who
have responsibility,
and they are reliable, and
they can apply this information
and these natural
laws in a way that
can be used for the
greater good and also
for your own ultimate benefit.
>>REGINA: So why the
feminine to help him
through the
reconstitution process?
Why Isis?
And then the story
of the virgin birth
repeatedly throughout history?
>>SILVA: Yes, that was
a very interesting piece
of information, because we've
come to-- in the Western world,
we've come to accept god
as being a masculine deity.
Well, in the ancient world--
and I see this either
from Central America,
the American Southwest,
Asia, the Polynesian
islands-- the creative force
is all defined as a goddess,
an earth god, a god mother.
And she's come through
history in many guises.
We know her, for example,
as the Virgin Mary
as she became known
in the Christian era.
She was also Astarte in the
Middle Eastern tradition.
She was Isis, but
always a female deity.
And the theme that
was very common
throughout all the initiation
secrets of the raising
the dead ceremony was that
the initiates would always
be sent into a chamber--
a secret chamber,
usually underground
or a secret cave,
where the chamber was
called a bridal chamber,
but no physical bride
was ever involved.
And I wondered, well, what
kind of bride could this be?
Because they're so
gung ho on this woman.
They zealously pursue her.
Who is she?
Well basically she
is the divine virgin
that they meet when they
cross the other side.
She is literally
the living entity
that is behind all
of creative nature.
She basically is a
metaphor, a symbol,
for how life is
created, and that's
how the ancients basically
phrased that into a shape
that we can actually
identify with.
So when you actually go
into a bridal chamber,
you have to enter as a
single man or a single woman.
In other words, you
have to be totally
harmonized within yourself.
The masculine and feminine
are in perfect balance,
and when you go
into the chamber,
you cross into the
other side of reality,
and you basically match
yourself with a divine feminine.
And that's when you as a
physical person and as a soul
are matched with the core
of everything that exists.
You become one
indivisible person, being,
and then when you've done
that, when you return back
into living body, you are now
totally cognizant of the laws
of paradise.
You know the laws
of nature and you
know how to also work those
laws so you can basically
have a certain amount of control
over the process of creation
when you're here on Earth.
So you become wedded
to the divine virgin,
and it's beautiful and
romantic, but it's also
a wonderful way of portraying
how nature actually works and
>>REGINA: You have
to Mary Magdalene
then in attendance when
Jesus has resurrected
or reconstituted himself, and so
this plays out again and again.
And tell us about what
your research discovered
as to the nature of the kind of
mystic Jesus was at that time.
>>SILVA: Well, he was
a very important man.
Although if you read it
from the point of view
of, say, the Templars,
they actually
regarded John the Baptist as
being even more substantial.
And so you have to ask
yourself let's find out
more about John the Baptist.
And yes, John the
Baptist was a guy
who learned a lot of
the mystery secrets
from the Egyptian schools.
He travels back to
the Middle East,
and he asks all his followers
to prepare for the way.
Now, the way is a very old
ritual of resurrection that
goes back all the way to China.
We know it as the Tao.
That's where the way comes from.
So for them, for these people
in the Middle East, they said,
well, this is nothing new.
We knew about this
thousands of years ago.
We've just been prohibited from
practicing this by the rabbis
and by the Romans.
>>REGINA: Well that's what
I was going to ask you next.
This was outlawed.
>>SILVA: Yes, and so when Jesus
becomes a disciple of John
the Baptist, and he takes
on the concept of the living
resurrection, and he too becomes
an initiate of the highest
level.
Now we know this because
Jesus of Nazareth is the clue,
and Jesus of Nazareth
is a terrible misnomer,
because first of
all, Nazareth has
been proved to actually not have
existed at the time of Jesus.
It was nothing more
than a bunch of hovels
and a few caves that hadn't
been used for a long time.
So where did this come from?
Well, Nazareth didn't really
exist, but the term Nazari did
exist.
Now, Nazari was
the highest level
of initiate in the Babylonian
tradition of raising the dead,
and these were the
Magi who were actually
allowed to carry out the most
secret of all the resurrection
principles, which was the
access into the bridal chamber.
Now Jesus obviously
became a Nazari.
That's where the
connection comes in,
and then he basically
developed his own theories
as to how things should be done.
And at that point, the people
that he was working with,
the Essenes and the Mandaeans
got very angry with him,
and they're still angry
with him to this day.
>>REGINA: Why?
>>SILVA: Because the Mandaeans
still exist in southern Iraq
to this day.
They're called the Nazari.
And they were angry
with him because they
said that Jesus actually
was in a bit of a hurry,
too much of a hurry.
He was indoctrinating people
into the cult of the Nazari
at a faster rate than should
have been legally allowed,
because they said,
you can't just
allow these things to
be done short term.
You have to allow
for these things
to take their proper course.
And Jesus was going up preaching
the most sacred of rituals
to ordinary people and
indoctrinating them
into the cult of the Nazari
left, right, and center
as though he was
running out of time, as
though he wanted a
certain revolution, which
appears that he did.
And given the time
that the Romans were
in a certain degree in
control of the Middle East,
he appears to have
been trying to speed up
the process of revolution
and getting people awakened.
So the Mandaeans and
the Essenes said, well,
we can't actually allow this
guy to do this as a shorthand.
Everyone has to go through
the checks and balances,
and they basically said,
no, we don't want anything
to do with him anymore, which is
kind of funny when you put this
into context.
They didn't dislike him.
They just said that he's not
following the right protocol.
So Jesus is basically
is indoctrinating
people left, right, and center
in order to get people awakened
at a faster rate.
>>REGINA: What was John
the Baptist doing roughly
at that time, as well?
>>SILVA: Same thing.
>>REGINA: Same thing.
>>SILVA: He was
carrying on his business
over in Bethesda, and one of the
people that was under his care
was, of course, a woman
called the Magdala,
or the Migdal Eder who was
following the tradition
of the Marian tradition.
So we have a person
called Mary Magdala.
That was not a name.
It was a title.
A Migdal Eder was a
watch tower of the flock.
So this woman had reached the
highest level of initiation,
and we knew that Mary
Magdalene had reached it
because she was able
to afford the very
expensive oil, spikenard,
with which she anointed Jesus.
>>REGINA: Does it matter
that she's usually
depicted in blue, as well?
>>SILVA: Absolutely.
Purity, and it's also the
enlightenment of the third eye.
Everything in the color
spectrum has an esoteric quality
about it, right down
to-- for example,
black, the Black Madonna.
Why do we have Black
Madonna's in Europe?
Well, because that goes
back to the cult of Isis,
which is also the cult
of Mary, and black
is the color associated with
resurrection and wisdom,
because the ancients always said
that, before there was anything
in the universe,
there was darkness,
and wisdom resided
in the darkness.
So the black Mary--
>>REGINA: That's right.
It was given birth
to from the darkness.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
Everything has a logic
to it if you just
care to follow that logic.
>>REGINA: Now, so since
we're in the Middle East
and we're discussing that time,
Temple Mount plays into this.
So let's talk about
the Temple Mount.
All we hear is
what's in the news.
Who's not allowing whom to
go in or to enter, and war
is being created, and bombings
and so forth-- let's go back.
>>SILVA: Oh, the fighting.
>>REGINA: The copper
scrolls and what
was happening under the
Temple Mount in the day?
>>SILVA: They're fighting
over the same thing.
It's so sad and comical
at the same time
if you don't follow
the consequences.
Back in the day, when
the Essenes were pursuing
this concept of
living resurrection,
and they were
administering people
into this rite of initiation
where people were literally
raised from the dead in
underground chambers.
The Romans were
advancing in 70 AD,
and they knew that
the time was up.
So they buried these copper
scrolls at certain locations,
and the ones that were found
in Qumran by the Dead Sea
quite clearly show that
the Essenes were following
practices, and I quote
"of Egyptian origin
underneath Temple Mount," and in
latter day archaeological digs,
the actual chambers where
the Essenes and even earlier
people, going back all
the way to Solomon,
had built a specific bridal
chamber, which was only
used by the highest
level of initiates
where they could
actually marry the bride.
And again, no physical
bride was ever involved.
So the Essenes, too, were
also playing out this ritual
on this very potent
site of the Earth,
because like other major sacred
sites on the face of the Earth,
Temple Mount sits
at the junction
box of these intersecting
lines of the Earth's
toric currents, what you and
I would call energy lines.
So we know they exist.
NASA has proved that they exist.
Dowsers have proved
that they exist,
and some places just have more
of these lines than others.
Now, that helps the process
that you're about to undergo.
>>REGINA: Talk about
that a little bit--
what the energy does to
promote that level of ability
or consciousness.
>>SILVA: Oh, it's
very, very important
because every single
sacred site on the face
of the Earth without exception
is placed upon the earth's
intersecting lines of energy.
So all the junction boxes
of the earth's energy lines
all appear under the
major sacred sites.
Now, first of all,
you've got to understand
that all of these initiations
were done in the dark,
and also in caves,
or in temples that
were made to look like caves.
>>REGINA: And in underground
chambers in the temples.
>>SILVA: And
underground chambers.
And once you put yourself
in that situation,
one thing happens.
You start developing
the pineal gland,
and it basically
starts vibrating
at a different
frequency, and you
start creating a
chemical called DMT,
which is a hallucinogen,
which is the first level--
>>REGINA: Spirit molecule--
>>SILVA: --for you have to
have an out of body experience
if you know how to direct it.
Now, that's the first level.
Second level is that,
once you immerse yourself
inside the dark chamber
for a long period of time,
as these people
did, your body clock
starts vibrating to the
rhythm of the lunar calendar,
not the solar
calendar, which also
allows you to have
that connection
with the feminine form of
life, with a natural aspect
of nature.
Third level is that
all these energy
lines are electromagnetic,
and a small shift
in the local electromagnetic
field at these sites
is enough to trigger an
out of body experience,
and correctly guided-- which is
what these priests were doing
for the initiates-- correctly
guided, all of these energies
would go together along
with a small narcotic, which
is administered to allow the
initiate to leave the body much
more easily.
>>REGINA: Reduce
some fear, perhaps.
>>SILVA: To reduce the fear.
Kind of like doing a blind date.
You just have a little drink
and you're fine hopefully.
>>REGINA: A blind date
with their destiny anyway.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
And so it allows--
the whole concept
is what I describe as
a spiritual technology.
And it was known for
thousands of years,
and that's how they
basically assisted the soul
to leave the body temporarily
and for you to come back
into the body and lead
a very ordinary life--
or not so ordinary in this case.
>>REGINA: So what
kind of frequencies
must be represented or present
under the Temple Mount?
Because this continues on.
Now, you said after the
Essenes, this was knocked on,
passed down knowledge
through time,
and then came the Templars.
And now we're talking back
to the Temple Mount again.
The center stage.
>>SILVA: Yes, why did
nine Belgians-- back then
there wasn't France.
There wasn't Belgium.
There weren't any
countries in Europe.
Why did these people
from what became
Belgium and France suddenly
take a ride 2,000 miles
to Jerusalem, specifically
request this particular spot
on this big mount from
the King of Jerusalem,
and the King just
looked at these guys
who looked like a bunch
of itinerant tramps--
they really were.
They were very dirty.
And the King just says, please
have my house of habitation.
They were very specific.
Well, you have to ask yourself
who was behind the Templars.
Now we have here a man of
profound Christian interest.
I'm talking about the
early Christian interest,
not what it became.
This is a guy called
Bernard of Clairvaux,
the head of the
Cistercian order,
who's more Christian
than the Christians,
and he knew about the
concept of the Essenes
and other principles that had
been taking place on the Temple
Mount for thousands of
years because he sponsored
a cabalistic school
in his hometown.
That's the secret.
So he sends these guys over
to Jerusalem to find out,
let's see what the Essenes
found buried under Temple Mount,
and if you can
find those scrolls,
bring them back to Europe,
and then we'll build a kingdom
of conscience in the middle
of this total war zone,--
because it was back then--
and we'll rebuild a kingdom
of conscience.
And for a certain period
of time in the Middle Ages,
they succeeded,
and they basically
broke back off-- let's say,
resurrected the concept
of the Essenes and the ancient
Egyptian temple practices
because the Templars too,
in their buildings also
had a secret chamber,
and I found most of them
in the country that they
created from scratch, Portugal,
which of course, the
theme of my previous book.
And again, they were literally
following an Egyptian tradition
or they were following a
tradition that goes all the way
back to China, because they--
>>REGINA: Or even
beyond that, perhaps.
>>SILVA: And beyond that.
>>REGINA: We don't know.
>>SILVA: We just don't know
how old this stuff really is,
but they, too, had
an inner tradition
of an inner brotherhood.
In fact, if you
place the Essenes
and the Templars
together side by side,
they were exactly
the same people.
They wore white.
They gave all their money
away to be held in trusts.
They had a period of initiation
that lasted three years
and so on and so forth.
And at the end,
the inner initiates
were put into a bridal chamber
for a certain amount of time
and declared risen after
they came back out of there,
while the people who
followed on from there,
their progeny, the Freemasons,
still have that concept.
The third degree
of Freemasonry is
a guy or a woman
who is basically
put in a figurative grave and
then brought up by the head
Mason or Masonette, and they are
declared risen from the dead,
and their blindfold is removed
because now they can see.
>>REGINA: But again, now this is
more metaphorical by this time.
At what time did this
process begin degrading
from the original ability
to go through this living
resurrection process to what's
being done in most of the, say,
Masonic temples today?
>>SILVA: It varies.
My understanding
of Masonry-- and I
have a lot of friends
who are Masons,
and I keep getting
asked to join.
I just don't do
it because I don't
want my work to
be seen as coming
from a certain point of view.
I want to maintain a certain
neutrality but having
met a lot of Masons from
different parts of the world
and also especially the
Scottish Rite Masonry--
I can say quite categorically
that, yes, there
are still Masonic institutions
around the world that are still
practicing the
original teachings.
And they understand
it, and it's usually
goes back to the Scottish Rite
or the Belgian chapter, as
well, of the women's lodge.
They also fall in the original
principles because, you know,
I am talking about
this information--
they'll say, oh, absolutely.
We totally understand
where you're coming from.
So there are still pockets
of resistance going on
as there were back
in the original time
when the Catholics took
control of the whole system.
There were pockets of resistance
in Italy and in Greece.
The underground
teachings literally
went very underground,
so you'd have
to know who these people were.
>>REGINA: They're dangerous.
>>SILVA: It became a heresy.
>>REGINA: Yes, it would.
And what would a
typical candidate
be like, for example, that
would in these traditions
be taken through to,
if you're talking
about modern times, the
third degree of Masonry?
>>SILVA: Exactly.
The Cathos have their own
version for which, of course,
they were persecuted, as well.
The Rosicrucians also had
their own particular version.
They kept regurgitating and
doing a PR story on the-- they
were doing a different take.
For example, Isaac Newton
was also an initiate.
>>REGINA: Yes, I was going
to ask you about that.
>>SILVA: And he declared
that my visions came
from a certain initiation,
and everything I learned
was to be learned and
discovered by the Egyptians.
And I said, well, oh dear.
This guy obviously crossed
over in a ritual initiation.
I believe he was a Rosicrucian,
and he came back into the body,
again, with visions, with a
certain understanding of how
nature works, and
he applied them,
and he's now famous
for a very good reason.
So obviously people were still
be doing these rituals even up
to the modern era.
>>REGINA: And
through modern times.
And up through today?
>>SILVA: And right up to today.
People still do it
very, very quietly.
That's French Freemasonry.
There's still a branch of
that where people are still
pursuing the rite principles,
and if walk around Paris,
in certain places you
will see that there
are certain monuments even
erected in only the last 10
years-- and I'll leave
you with a clue, the glass
pyramid at the Louvre.
>>REGINA: Yes, we
know about that one.
>>SILVA: They are
still trying to create
a kingdom of conscience so that
people-- and this goes back
to the concept of the temple.
The temple was seen as
basically the perfect image
of the kingdom of
heaven, and when
the temple is created on
the face of the Earth,
people vibrate with
that perfection,
and then that perfection
empowers people to be
perfect within themselves.
So one thing is a
mirror of itself.
So in Paris, for many
hundreds of years,
the Masons have tried to
create a city of conscience
in order that those ancient
principles can vibrate along
the land, and people succumb
to those principles or not,
because it's a free
will, but no one
can deny that when
you go to Paris
there is a certain
feeling of perfection
there at the center of Paris.
>>REGINA: Yes, and where
does Saint-Sulpice come in?
>>SILVA: Saint-Sulpice?
Oh, now we're
talking conspiracy.
Saint-Sulpice is
very interesting
because it goes back to the time
when a mysterious order called
the Order of Sion, who
essentially were one of the two
people who created the Knights
Templar back in their heyday,
and they are very real.
Despite what you
hear on television,
there is plenty of evidence.
Books have been
written about this
to show that they are
a real organization.
>>REGINA: That they still exist.
>>SILVA: And they still
exist despite all the efforts
to the contrary.
>>REGINA: I have
dug up the same.
>>SILVA: Oh, yes.
And enough money has
been spent making sure
that you don't go
follow the trail,
but they created a
front at the time.
And I believe this is
about the 18th century when
modern Freemasonry
starts gaining
another foothold in Europe.
They needed a front
to operate, and they
were given the right
opportunity around the time
the French Revolution.
So because they didn't want to
go to public because the church
was still very powerful, they
decided to build Saint-Sulpice
as this beautiful cathedral.
Well, it turns out that behind,
literally behind Saint-Sulpice
was the mystical
college that was
the front of one of the
headquarters of the Order
of Sion in Paris,
and eventually it
was Brother Sauniere that came
all the way from the south
of France with scrolls
outlining this lineage of Mary
Magdalene that had survived at
the time of the crucifixion,
which even the Koran and
the Gospel of Philip and all
the Gnostic Christians said the
crucifixion never took place.
So these Gnostic
Gospels, they're
not making this stuff up.
And this guy, Sauniere,
came up with these scrolls
that he found in this church in
the south of France that said,
yes, the lineage
of Mary Magdalene
is alive and well in
France, and the descendants
live to this day.
And he takes these scrolls
to be shown to cryptographers
in Saint-Sulpice.
Now, what would
a church be doing
hiding cryptographers
in the center of Paris
in the 18th century.
Oh, it's a lovely story.
It's way too complicated
to be made up,
because it requires
a lot of preparation
to create something like that
that would not make any sense.
So this is--
>>REGINA: Is this
where-- go ahead.
I'm sorry.
>>SILVA: It was all part
of basically restoring
the divine feminine,
and when you
look at the buildings created
in Paris after that era
and especially around
the revolution,
a lot of the symbology is
associated with either Isis
or Mary Magdalene, and it's
still there to this very day.
>>REGINA: OK, so now if
we go Dan Brown style,
and we get into the Saint
Clare's and the Merovingians,
and so forth, where does that
come into it, or does it?
>>SILVA: It does.
Dan Brown did us all a big
favor by fictionalizing
real information,
for which, I believe
the Church spent
$13 million trying
to debunk a fictional book.
That's very bad PR.
It's like putting a parental
sticker on a punk album.
You know it's going to sell.
Just leave it alone.
So he did us all a huge
favor by popularizing stuff
that I and other researchers
had already published,
which is real facts
showing that, yes, there
is a conspiracy of silence,
because it goes back to what
I was saying at the
beginning-- that, in fact, what
the Gnostic gospels were saying
right from the very beginning
that the church is
an impostor, and even
Jesus in the Gospel-- I believe
it's the Gospel of Resurrection
or the Gospel of the
Great Seth declares--
and I quote-- "those who call
themselves priest and bishop
and deacon are essentially
waterless canals.
Although they boast of
knowing the mystery,
they do not know the
mystery, and they
have diluted and polluted
the original teaching
of the apostles."
>>REGINA: Well said.
>>SILVA: And that's
a quote by Jesus--
>>REGINA: Well said.
>>SILVA: --after he
survived the crucifixion,
and that's beautiful.
>>REGINA: Yes,
that is beautiful.
OK, so let me just ask you--
this is a bit of an aside,
but after Dan Brown's work
came out and popularized
the notion of some of
what we're talking about,
did that give you a bump
in your own work and sales?
I had dinner with Laurence
Gardner, the now deceased
Laurence Gardner, not too
long after Dan Brown's work
came out.
And he said good
on him, basically.
He said my work has skyrocketed.
And have the other
researchers, such as yourself,
found that there's been
increased curiosity.
>>SILVA: If you've got a good
publisher that can actually
promote this and
actually do this, yes.
In my case, I don't.
It's just the way
publishing is today.
It's very hard to get published.
>>REGINA: Even
the last 10 years,
it's totally had the
slats kicked out.
>>SILVA: And with a
certain online company
that is putting everybody out
of business isn't helping.
So it's bumped it
up a little bit,
but I had noticed that more
people want to go on my tours
to sacred sites, because
that's essentially--
>>REGINA: To have
the experience.
>>SILVA: --what the
experience of resurrection
really is all about.
You're getting a glimpse of it
when you go into these places,
and I've seen a
huge bump in people
wanting to go to these places to
not be going there as tourists,
but as going as
pilgrims to understand
the spiritual
context of the land,
and that's what's important,
because essentially
that's the pathway to
living resurrection.
Once you have an experience, and
people have this on my groups
all the time, and I don't
tell them about this.
I want them to figure
it out for themselves.
I just give them the
goal posts, send them
in the right direction,
and people come back
changed and altered.
And then they follow
another path into inquiry
and slowly they go
down that rabbit hole,
and they come out the other
side risen from the dead.
And again, they
are self-empowered.
They have seen the
mechanics of the universe.
They see things with
a greater clarity
than before, and
when they do that,
just like the ancestors
claimed in these books
that you are able to live your
life fully aware and awake.
You are in control, and
you are able to perceive
the tyranny of death in
a totally different way.
You are no longer afraid
because you have already
experienced paradise, and
you are therefore free.
>>REGINA: Yes, OK, now let's
talk about some of the places
you take them where people
have their own version
of their experience--
of an experience.
And let's go to Malta.
>>SILVA: Ah, Malta.
>>REGINA: And again,
we're getting back
into the sacred aspect
of it in the frequencies
of the land itself there.
>>SILVA: Oh, very much so.
In fact, Malta is
a very good example
because recently there's a team
of the sound engineers that
have been going around
monitoring sound frequencies
at these temples.
Malta, Great Britain,
Ireland, and also
northern France--
different chambers,
all of them associated
with bridal chambers,
and also the honeycomb
and the beehive.
Most of these changes that are
associated with resurrection
are always associated
with a beehive
and even shaped like
a beehive, and there's
reasons for that which we'll
be here for a long time
discussing.
But the temples in
Malta specifically
are actually designed
in a certain way
where the faces are
actually pockmarked to look
like honeycombs.
They're totally unique,
and they're also unique
in the sense that they
have an above ground
chamber and a below the
ground chamber, which
is adjacent to these places.
And one of them is called
the Hypogeum of Hal Saflieni,
and here, like in
other parts of Europe,
the sound engineers found
that the resonant frequency
of these chambers--
which again, painted
with these honeycomb
patterns-- is 112 Hertz,
and they thought, well,
that's interesting.
Well, they took a neurosurgeon
to look at that information
and say, well, wait a minute.
That's a very
important frequency,
because 112 Hertz is
the exact point where
something happens to
your prefrontal cortex
in your brain.
It stops you thinking
and analyzing,
and it starts to get you into
a state of altered awareness.
It starts bringing in
that state of imagination.
Well, that's what these chambers
were doing in the first place.
So now we know, using
modern equipment,
what these chambers
were actually doing.
They were specially designed
with a certain frequency
to get you to stop
thinking and start feeling,
and that's the whole point
that gets you out of your body.
You can't think your way
and intellectualize your way
through this.
You have to experience it.
>>REGINA: Did the Templars
utilize this space?
>>SILVA: Not the one in Malta.
>>REGINA: No, because
I don't remember
the age of the one in Malta.
>>SILVA: Oh, it's at
least 10,000 years.
>>REGINA: 10,000 years.
But they never crossed
over into that?
>>SILVA: The Knights
of Saint John
did, but we don't know to what
degree they had established
that, because the
Knights of Saint John
essentially became an arm
of the Catholic Church,
so we don't know to what
degree they were still
following the old principles.
Maybe some did.
Maybe some didn't.
I know a couple
people today that
are practicing the traditional
practices of the Templars
through the Knights of
Malta, but not in association
with the Catholic Church because
the two don't go together.
So I don't think they're
actually pursuing the same way.
>>REGINA: I was just
wondering-- the Hypogeum,
I assume you've
taken people there?
>>SILVA: Oh, yes.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's talk.
I've wanted to go there.
Let's talk about that
particular experience.
Give us an example of what
some people might experience.
>>SILVA: Actually
the best experience
came from one of the people who
is-- because you can't actually
go there through actual tours.
You have to have
an official guide.
So you're given the original
story, which is partly
true and partly what the
archaeologists would like you
to know, but I was very lucky.
And I was given one person
who confided in me--
and while the people
were busy taking
in one particular chamber, she
pulls me to the side and says,
I don't know what
goes on in here,
but this was my big dream.
I really wanted to come and
be a guide in this chamber
since I was a little child.
I said, why?
I don't know.
I felt moved by this place,
and during quiet times,
when no one's
here, I come down--
and you've got to
understand there
are three layers of
tunnels with chambers.
It's about a quarter of a
mile of chambers, 33 of them.
And she says, I
feel particularly
moved to stand in
this particular one,
and it turns out it's the
most resonant of the chambers,
and it's the one specifically
where the sound engineers
discovered that frequency.
>>REGINA: Found the
112 Hertz, yeah.
>>SILVA: So without
realizing it,
she actually picked
up intuitively
that this is the
place you stand,
and she says I usually sing,
or I atone, or I say a prayer,
and I feel moved, and I
feel like I receive visions
and guidance when I'm here.
Bingo.
So without realizing
it, she's actually
practicing a little bit of a
raising of the dead ceremony
at this location.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
And now all of these ceremonies
also come back to one factor,
and that is the
notion of what is God?
And I took a few of the
points you made in your book--
the counts, for
example-- considering
the other world and
the intelligence,
the creative force, in the other
world as only a whisper away.
>>SILVA: Yes, it's much
closer than we think,
and again it comes back
to the Western concept
that we've been given, which is
God is way out there somewhere,
and you're here.
And you're separated, and
you want to get there,
you talk to us.
No, no, no.
Even Jesus himself
admitted the temple of God
resides within everybody.
You just have to discover it.
You have to find a mechanism
with which to access that,
and the mechanism is to allow
your body to temporarily--
or your soul to temporarily
leave your body, even if just
for a few seconds to go and
connect with that source.
And you do it through
meditation, Kriya yoga,
or though this
resurrection ceremony.
And so the concept
that the Celts had,
and the Egyptians
had, and the Chinese
had was exactly the same.
It was a specifically
defined location
where, under certain
conditions, you actually
access another level
of reality, but it's
still within that
level of reality,
you are still within yourself.
That's the paradox.
You're not going out there.
You're going out
there allegorically.
>>REGINA: You're going into
another dimension of yourself.
>>SILVA: Exactly, you're just
shifting the radio station,
but you're still within
the same radio receiver.
So instead of being
here at 88 FM,
you're now up here at 100 FM.
>>REGINA: And so
what do you think
is happening then,
if god is within,
and each of these
people are going
into this unique experience into
a finer range of frequencies
to have maybe an altered and
finer experience of that which
we call God?
>>SILVA: It was a
self-empowering experience.
They wanted to find
out who they are,
what was their purpose
before they came here,
and what is their purpose in
the bigger scheme of things.
And the one thing I kept
reading again and again--
in the few people
who almost describe
what they saw on
the other side--
they were very coy about this.
They kept saying
the same concepts,
which is we met with gods.
We met with angels.
We met with ancestors,
and depending
on what the intent was
that we took there,
we would be given
specific information.
And it was all about allowing
us to discover ourselves
so we'd know ourselves
while we're actually awake
in the physical body,
because the ancestors
recognize the living
condition for what
it is, a spiritual death.
And in order to
live your life alive
and not consider your
life being a life which
is bookended by pain--
birth, death, and pain
in the middle-- in order to
break away from that cycle,
you have to get out of
your body and connect
with these sorts of things--
God, the divine feminine,
whatever you want to
call it-- and come back
into the body with that
information consciously
so you can apply it
on a conscious level
and live your life aware.
And at that moment, you are
awake, and you are aware,
and you are risen.
>>REGINA: And this also
generally goes hand in hand
with losing the fear
of physical death.
>>SILVA: Absolutely, and
so many of the people--
>>REGINA: Which is what the
human species is a slave to.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
Pain.
Yes, it does hurt
when you're down here.
>>REGINA: But also the
fear of no longer existing.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: The fear of death.
>>SILVA: And look
at the Templars,
the most recent
example of people
who died for their beliefs.
So many accounts I've
read of the Templars going
to their deaths,
and it was gruesome.
Being burnt alive is not fun.
>>REGINA: Friday the 13th.
>>SILVA: And they
actually went there
with a smile on their
face because they
knew if they could just-- it's
almost like mastering yoga.
If you can just master the
pain for those few minutes
while the flesh is
on fire, you know
that this is a
temporary existence,
and you're about to go on
to something much better,
because they've
already been there,
and it goes back to what
the Egyptians was saying
in the Pyramid of
Unas, the oldest
of the ceremonial chambers,
which is this method
has been proven to be
true a million times.
So in 2500 BC, god knows
how many people had already
had this experience.
It was all had by them.
>>REGINA: It was.
In fact, I wanted
to ask about that.
Who were the Followers of Horus?
>>SILVA: Oh now, the
followers of Horus.
>>REGINA: The Shining Ones.
The Followers of Horus.
>>SILVA: This goes
back a long, long way.
There was a huge
catastrophe which
hit the Earth in 9703
BC-- Tuesday, maybe
Wednesday-- it's been proved
in the geologic record.
Seven pieces of a
comet struck the Earth
at the same time in
exactly the right locations
to create the most
possible havoc.
Before that time,
the surviving text
talk about a time which is a
golden age, a time of creator
gods when humans
are actually bigger,
and there were also
Neanderthals, of course,
but there was also
a humanoid race here
on the Earth, which
knew something
about the mechanics of nature.
And they were
declared creator gods.
They built cities of
knowledge, and of course they
saw this coming,
and they said, well,
whoever survives
is going to have
to rebuild the former
mansions of the gods
to rebuild these temples
so that people know how
to be perfection of themselves,
and also to be a bright start,
to be as a god, because
if you lose your way
and you connect with the lesser
base frequencies of nature
like fear, you're
going to lose your way.
So the survivors are going to be
called the Followers of Horus,
and Horus, of course, is
the birth child of Osiris.
It's Osiris
spiritualized and reborn.
He is the son that sits
on the lap of Isis.
We know this image
today, of course,
is Mary with baby Jesus
on the lap-- same story.
And the Followers of Horus were
also called the Shining Ones,
and they were the people
who survived the flood,
and then they became
the pharaohs of Egypt
who were described as
half human, half divine
because they had to interbreed
with ordinary human women
in order to maintain
that bloodline.
And it's quite telling
when you get to about 3100
BC where the Egyptian
history quite categorically
claims that the first
pharaoh of a purely human
bloodline-- their words--
ascends to the throne,
and that was the Pharaoh
Menes, and that's
when the bloodline began
to really thin out.
The last of their
kind, of course,
was Amenhotep III,
Akhenaten, his son,
and his son Tutankhamun.
And you can tell
by the photographs,
their skulls are totally
shaped in a very different way.
And if you go to Britain, you'll
find the same people buried
in giant's graves also with
the very elongated skull,
and all the traditions talk
about these people as being
a highly developed race
which came from a long,
long time ago,--
again, humanoid--
but they had one foot
in the spiritual world,
and in order to keep that level
of connection to the spirit
world and function here
on the physical world,
they needed a larger head.
They needed to have a
spiritual brain as well
as a mental brain, because you
and I have a big frontal cortex
because we have to
process information.
We have to pay bills and
take care of mundane things
like that.
They needed to have one
foot in the spiritual world,
so their head had to follow
that concept of all form
follows function, so that
makes a lot of sense.
They had to have different
bodies to house that bigger
frequency that they had.
>>REGINA: So do you believe
that it's from the Shining Ones
that the notion of
living resurrection
was perpetuated into humanity?
>>SILVA: I think so, because
some of the oldest texts
talk about these people wearing
white, or shimmering in white,
and I always wondered why the
Essenes, and the Mandaeans,
and all the people going
back to Babylon, all the way
to the followers of the
way and the gentlemen
of the way in China--
they always wear white.
Now, we associate
that with purity,
but it had to come
from somewhere,
and the oldest
expressions I can find
is of the Shining Ones and
the Followers of Horus,
who also wore white habits, and
they declared themselves pure.
And they also followed the
tradition of ritual baptism
as the first level
of initiation.
So in the Essenes and John the
Baptist and Jesus' practices
and the Templars too, we are
seeing this very old tradition
that comes all the way
back to the Shining Ones,
and I believe it is the
Book of Ezekiel in the Bible
that also describes these
Shining Ones and Watchers
as being men in white, as well.
>>REGINA: Quite a
gift that was left.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
So it's quite a very
ancient tradition
of priests who basically
were there as living examples
of gods, but they were god men.
They are men and women
who had become god-like--
not to be gods themselves,
but as the gods
while they're here on Earth.
>>REGINA: We only have a
couple of minutes left, Freddy,
so during--
>>SILVA: Oh, no.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I know.
It flies.
During all of your
research for this,
was there anything that came as
a particular surprise to you?
>>SILVA: Oh, everything
comes as a surprise.
Well, the big surprise--
>>REGINA: Greatest
revelation, let's say.
>>SILVA: --was how everything
goes back so far beyond what
the perception that we're being
given, and the biggest surprise
really was-- and having
been a person who
was raised as a Catholic,
the biggest shock was
the origins of the word or the
name, the title Jesus Christ,
and how much
further back it goes
into time-- all the way to
Mongolia, all the way to China.
We have a god in
Japan in-- I believe
it was 1800 BC, who
was nailed to a cross,
gets up three days later.
And that was the biggest
revelation of all--
that Jesus was a
very special person.
He was basically a long
list, a long line of people,
of ordinary people
like you and I,
who had developed a finer
level of perception,
asked the right questions,
was indoctrinated
into a special
initiation technique,
and was able to see and
experience for himself
we can do much more than this.
We can be better than
ourselves, and we
could walk upright in total
control of our manifestation
process.
We can be risen and Christ
in our normal waking life.
And so it's not
an old tradition.
This is something
that's applicable today.
It's not some old
information that
was relevant then
and irrelevant now.
It's actually more
relevant now than it's ever
been because we've lost so
much of that connection,
and especially to the
land and to the spirit
that we need this information
more than ever now.
>>REGINA: Really quickly,
over the next year
or so, where are some
of the sites you're
going to be taking people to?
Just in case someone
out here is thinking
I want to jump on board.
I know where I want to go.
>>SILVA: I know
where you want to go.
>>REGINA: And I'm waiting
until you go there,
but let's talk about where you
are going over the next year.
>>SILVA: I just came back
from Peru and Bolivia
and also discovered places
there where they also
practiced the living
resurrection principles, which
totally surprised me.
I had no idea.
I'm going to go to Britain,
of course, as always.
I'm trying to get to Ireland.
I want to have a different
type of Irish experience.
There will be pubs
involved, of course.
France is always-- some
of the sites there.
And I really would like to
start also going to Angkor,
because that place
fascinates me--
64 square miles
of temples, and I
believe they are also
much older than they claim
to be-- and also do things which
also test me as well in terms
of getting me out of my
comfort zone, like Gobekli Tepe
and going back to Baalbek,
there's one in Lebanon--
the biggest stones on
the Earth, 1,600 tons.
They did this for a
very, very good reason.
And also possibly Portugal, as
well-- look at the Templar work
there, because they've got
some fascinating sites there.
>>REGINA: Do you
ever go to Malta?
Do you take people
to Malta any longer?
>>SILVA: I used to, but I
don't at the moment because
of the way that the
money from the EU
is being used to turn these
places into tourist sites,
and they have these
metal ramps that
go into these beautiful
limestone temples,
and they're too incongruous.
You are now not even
allowed to touch
the soil on which
a temple is on,
and I feel that
there's a disconnect
between these modern
intrusive gang planks
that go into these temples
and the old temples.
I feel there's a
better way of doing it,
and I had a chat with someone
there who's very influential
and just maybe they'll
get rid of that stuff
and just put rubber mats.
They're unobtrusive.
They don't make a sound.
You're not destroying
the temple,
and you can actually put
your feet on the ground,
and they flow with
the actual temple.
>>REGINA: And not
disruptive energies either.
>>SILVA: Exactly.
So when they get that
right-- I'm a purist.
I'm a romantic at heart.
I want to see things
exactly as they were.
>>REGINA: I didn't
write it down.
What's your URL if people
want to jump on board?
>>SILVA: Oh, the
important thing.
invisibletemple.com.
>>REGINA: invisibletemple.com.
And on that note, thank
you so much for doing this.
I was very intrigued by
this book, as you can tell.
>>SILVA: I couldn't
tell at all, no.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: We only
got maybe halfway
through my list of questions,
but anyway thank you
for joining me, and
thank you for spending
the winter doing that.
>>SILVA: Oh, my pleasure.
>>REGINA: Again, the
book is titled "The Lost
Art of Resurrection,"
which you can
find at all major booksellers.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.